README.md, before:

Pebble-Dex
==========

International Pokèdex for pebble

==========

Pebble-Dex is a Internatinal PokèDex From Generation 1 to Generation 2!
It includes All Pokèmon, Including MissNo!
The Programing is Easy, but i am not as good at Spriting. I am looking for some one/some people, to sprite pokemon in 8-bit fourm atleast under 60x60. If your interested to help E-Mail me at DakotaRJ@outlook.com, and Drop the images at www.dropitto.me/DakotaKryzanowski Password: PebbleDex

==========
Developers

Original developer is shutdown27 (All first Generation Pokèmon Sprites Done By Him)
Original Porter to SDK 2.0 is Buchenherz 
Head Developer is Dakota Kryzanowski
==========
BETA DOWNLOAD's

BETA 1.0.0: http://builds.cloudpebble.net/c/4/c447b2c2-77b1-4bdb-8bee-6c182a3c3fe3/watchface.pbw
-Includes All Kanto Pokèmon (including MissNo) and First 17 pokèmon of the 2nd Generation.
New Menu Icon, and GUI changed.

BETA 1.0.1 : http://builds.cloudpebble.net/6/3/634de034-befa-4e16-9593-4e4ddb8fafd4/watchface.pbw
-All Images are now Just Text saying Gen 1, or Gen 2. added pokemon up to 175.


==========
Contact

If you have any probles, or would like to report a bug. E-Mail Me at DakotaRJ@outlook.com
I am also on the pebble Developer Fourms as "Dakota"

Commit message:

Added Beta 1.0.2
-Updated All Pokemon the correct Types! (Updated Kanto Pokemon with fairy type) added pokemon up to 200.

README.md, after:

Pebble-Dex
==========

International Pokèdex for pebble

==========

Pebble-Dex is a Internatinal PokèDex From Generation 1 to Generation 2!
It includes All Pokèmon, Including MissNo!
The Programing is Easy, but i am not as good at Spriting. I am looking for some one/some people, to sprite pokemon in 8-bit fourm atleast under 60x60. If your interested to help E-Mail me at DakotaRJ@outlook.com, and Drop the images at www.dropitto.me/DakotaKryzanowski Password: PebbleDex

==========
Developers

Original developer is shutdown27 (All first Generation Pokèmon Sprites Done By Him)
Original Porter to SDK 2.0 is Buchenherz 
Head Developer is Dakota Kryzanowski
==========
BETA DOWNLOAD's

BETA 1.0.0: http://builds.cloudpebble.net/c/4/c447b2c2-77b1-4bdb-8bee-6c182a3c3fe3/watchface.pbw
-Includes All Kanto Pokèmon (including MissNo) and First 17 pokèmon of the 2nd Generation.
New Menu Icon, and GUI changed.

BETA 1.0.1 : http://builds.cloudpebble.net/6/3/634de034-befa-4e16-9593-4e4ddb8fafd4/watchface.pbw
-All Images are now Just Text saying Gen 1, or Gen 2. added pokemon up to 175.

BETA 1.0.2 : http://builds.cloudpebble.net/e/5/e5b267ac-ed8e-4820-bbed-52d47be194ab/watchface.pbw
-Updated All Pokemon the correct Types! (Updated Kanto Pokemon with fairy type) added pokemon up to 200.

==========
Contact

If you have any probles, or would like to report a bug. E-Mail Me at DakotaRJ@outlook.com
I am also on the pebble Developer Fourms as "Dakota"
